{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2708
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww8220\viewh18000\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Level 0\
=======\
\
Colin: Hey, Shay! Look, we're in a new place!\
Shay: Wow, that's cool! But where's mom? I miss her.\
Colin: Don't worry, Shay. We'll find her.\
Shay: How are we going to do that?\
Colin: Well, we need to mix our colors together to get a clue.\
Shay: Oh, like when we mix blue and yellow to get green?\
Colin: Exactly! We just need to figure out the right mix.\
Shay: Let's get started!\
\
Level 1.1\
=======\
\
Colin: Shay, do you know what hue is?\
Shay: Hue? Is that like a color?\
Colin: Well, color is made up of three things: hue, saturation, and brightness.\
Shay: Woah, that sounds complicated.\
Colin: Basically, hue is the simplest form of color, like red or green.\
Shay: So, to find the right mix, we need to get the hue, saturation, and brightness just right.\
Colin: That's right! Let's experiment with hue to figure out the blend of colors.\
\
Level 1.2\
=======\
\
Colin: Let's put the left circle with my hue on the other circle to find mom's hue!\
\
Level 1.3\
=======\
\
Colin: Look, this is what our mom could look like!\
Shay: Hmm, the color looks strange to me.\
Colin: Good point, we haven't adjusted brightness and saturation yet.\
Shay: Let's keep experimenting!\
\
Level 2.1\
=======\
\
Colin: We've got the right hue. Now we need to work on brightness.\
Shay: What's brightness again?\
Colin: Simply, it's how light or dark a color is.\
Shay: Oh, how do we change the color's brightness?\
Colin: We mix in some black with our hue to make it darker. That'll give us the right brightness for our mom's color.\
Shay: Let's give it a try!\
\
Level 2.2\
=======\
\
Colin: Let's move the sliders all the way to the left to get the brightness.\
\
Level 2.3\
=======\
\
Shay: The color is closer to mom's, but not quite right.\
Colin: True, we still need to adjust the saturation.\
\
Level 3.1\
=======\
\
Colin: Okay, let's talk about saturation.\
Shay: What's that?\
Colin: It's how intense a color is. We can find it by mixing our hue and brightness with a gray also based on the color's brightness.\
Shay: This is getting complicated.\
Colin: It's okay, we're almost there. You'll see that it's not that hard!\
\
Level 3.2\
=======\
\
Colin: Let's move the sliders all the way to the left to get the right mix.\
\
Level 3.3\
=======\
\
Shay: And now we put the right circle with my color on the other circle!\
\
Level 3.4\
=======\
\
Shay: I think we've found the right color!\
Colin: Looks like it! Now let's find candidates with the matching color.\
Shay: That's the easy part!\
\
Level 4.1\
=======\
\
Colin: Okay, we've found three candidates who could be our mom. Let's see if we remember which one is our mom!\
Shay: Let's tap on our mom to let her know that we found her!\
\
Level 4.2\
=======\
\
Shay: We did it! We found mom!\
Colin: We really missed you, mom!\
Shay: Time for a well-deserved rest now.\
\
}